README.md, before:

**RoomRenter**

A web-based solution to handling temporary room rentals.
Utilizing Nodejs, and Node-Webkit(nwjs).

---
**Branches**

We will use a basic 3 branch system. With most work being done in the
**Dev** branch. After a usable chunk of development is finished we will merge
the changes to the **Test** branch, which will be deployed to test.
If it passes the Test stage/branch, we will merge it(and any changes) to
the master/production branch.

**Master** - Current "production" branch, works as intended. If you are just
getting into the project, OR want to use the program AS-IS. Use this
branch. (We won't use releases or patches)

**Test** - Branch we will move to to test the functionality, and entire
system.

**Dev** - Branch most people will work on. Most pull/pushes will be to
this branch.

**DatabaseDev** - This Branch follows the Dev branch, but with the database
activated, so the program may only run within an nw.js window.

---
**Project Structure**

I am following [this guide](https://scotch.io/tutorials/angularjs-best-practices-directory-structure) on how to organize an AngularJS app.
We should end up with a fairly organized structure, where each component
is easily found.

app - This folder holds the files for AngularJS

  components - defined "pages" and their corresponding logic.

  database - holds the database files, and javascript service for angular.

  shared - Shared items (such as the navbar)

assets - This folder holds the usual assets for the application in general

app.route.js - This file handles the routing of the application, uses angular

app.module.js - This file setups dependences and creates the angular app.

---
**Installation**
Due to the large package size, it is neccessary to install the nodejs 
modules seperately. This can be done with the following command:
`npm install`


app.module.js - This file setups dependences and creates the angular app.

app.module.js - This file setups dependencies and creates the angular app.


---
**Installation**

You will need to install python 2.7 and nodejs to support this program. Python2.7 is utilized to build 
some critical dependencies. With these two external dependencies installed the program can
install and compile the rest. This may take some time.

Installation can be done with a single nodejs command:

`npm run build`

If it looks like it freezes at `node scripts /install.js` give it more time.

Commit message:

Polished and finished build command for linux
Still need to test the Windows deployment, but it seems like the Linux
build command worked. Needs testing on another machine that is
unprepared.

README.md, after:

**RoomRenter**

A web-based solution to handling temporary room rentals.
Utilizing Nodejs, and Node-Webkit(nwjs).

---
**Branches**

We will use a basic 3 branch system. With most work being done in the
**Dev** branch. After a usable chunk of development is finished we will merge
the changes to the **Test** branch, which will be deployed to test.
If it passes the Test stage/branch, we will merge it(and any changes) to
the master/production branch.

**Master** - Current "production" branch, works as intended. If you are just
getting into the project, OR want to use the program AS-IS. Use this
branch. (We won't use releases or patches)

**Test** - Branch we will move to to test the functionality, and entire
system.

**Dev** - Branch most people will work on. Most pull/pushes will be to
this branch.

**DatabaseDev** - This Branch follows the Dev branch, but with the database
activated, so the program may only run within an nw.js window.

---
**Project Structure**

I am following [this guide](https://scotch.io/tutorials/angularjs-best-practices-directory-structure) on how to organize an AngularJS app.
We should end up with a fairly organized structure, where each component
is easily found.

app - This folder holds the files for AngularJS

  components - defined "pages" and their corresponding logic.

  database - holds the database files, and javascript service for angular.

  shared - Shared items (such as the navbar)

assets - This folder holds the usual assets for the application in general

app.route.js - This file handles the routing of the application, uses angular

app.module.js - This file setups dependences and creates the angular app.

---
**Installation**
Due to the large package size, it is neccessary to install the nodejs 
modules seperately. This can be done with the following command:
`npm install`


app.module.js - This file setups dependences and creates the angular app.

app.module.js - This file setups dependencies and creates the angular app.


---
**Installation**

You will need to install python 2.7 and nodejs to support this program. Python2.7 is utilized to build 
some critical dependencies. With these two external dependencies installed the program can
install and compile the rest. This may take some time.

Installation can be done with a single nodejs command, depending on platform:

`npm run buildLinux`
or  
`npm run buildWin`


If it looks like it freezes at `node scripts /install.js` give it more time.
